Thanks to Google funds we are not limited in just picking our phones over here.
In fact we can get them from that awesome resource and we can include them in our project.
So how does that work.
Not before we actually cover.
Let me just quickly show you that if we're looking for generic font families we can check them out in
the Visual Studio code.
So again we can create maybe a new line of code that's right on family.
And notice here in the bottom all the single ones are going to recursive fantasy.
Now don't look at inherit initial and onset.
We don't care about those but you'll see again all the files that I just mentioned which would be the
generic ones.
Again that's basically a side note.
Now let me delete this one family and you know what I will gonna get rid of this for now because I would
like to show you how we can use the awesome Google font.
So so far we do have no phone family property as well as obviously no value.
So I'm gonna head over to the browser.
I'm gonna maybe open up the new tab then we're gonna write Google wants.
That's all we have to do.
And then we're looking for Google fonts.
This is gonna bring us to the URL.
We're going to bravely click on a link and while we have our fonts and again there is many many fans
we can pick over here.
There's many options that we can pick.
Let's say we can pick on the styles the likeness and the slant.
So let's say let's try to get a really slanted and thick one.
So I'm going to click on the slant and I'm going to increase the slant.
Now we see that the slant is increasing.
So maybe let's include a little bit thicker.
And what happens is now it tells me listen buddy you pick thickness and slant and realistically you
can have one of these two and that's fine.
So in order to pick a font you can just click over here on this plus plus sign.
And then in the bottom we're getting the phone now in the for the font we have two options how we can
include it.
We can import it more we can use the link.
Now how is that going to look at both of them.
Just so we have covered that.
But just to give you a general idea then also we have an option of customizing it so we can add custom
options.
Well in this case there's not many of them.
There's just one regular 400.
Why don't we pick a popular font where we can maybe see more customizable options and also by the way
it tells you the load to which in our case is gonna be fast.
So far so good.
Again we're going back to embed.
You can just minimize this.
And now we can search for them.
And by the way you can see that there's going to be some articles if you're looking for something as
well as we have an option for let's say trending.
Now I'm gonna get rid of this thickness and slant.
So this is basically going to stay simple and then probably the most used one that you're gonna see
is going to be rubato.
This is very popular.
But let's say you can say Check here for trending popular date added or alphabetical.
Let's look for the popular one.
And sure enough we have the rubato like I said and we have opened since then.
This guy also again there's quite a few that are very popular but rubato you'll probably see a lot.
And again we know already how to pick it you can just click on it.
Now we have to find families selected and let's head over again to the customize as like I said this
is going to be an option.
And then with rubato notice that we have more option.
So let's say if we would want bold somehow and italic but right away tells you that now the low time
is going to suffer.
So keep in mind that I know that everyone likes to be artistic especially in the beginning as you start
working with CSX basically learning CSX but also understand that this will going to affect your user
experience.
So probably don't try to take it too seriously and go too crazy.
Now in my case I don't really care.
Of course we can just add that just to see how it looks.
But in general just keep that in mind.
Now again we're going to head over to embedding and Nick already previously mentioned we have two options.
Again we can use the link that would be included in our success meaning when I say CSX basically in
our normal or we can do the actual embedding I'm sorry importing.
OK.
We have the link let's say this let's say link and the way we would need to include it we're going to
head all back to indexation email and let's say right before our starts business we're going to maybe
make a comment first.
Well let's say Google wants Google farms and let's copy and paste this line and again Please don't delete
something here.
Just copy paste the way this comes from the Google and then we're going to head over here and notice
that they tell us.
Well if you want the font family the one that's gonna be thickness and slant then you would need to
write this type of code.
And then just a normal one robot would be something like this.
So again let me select maybe the first one here and we'll going to head over to LCROSS maybe before
we do that let's save the indexation email and then within the style assess I would want this for my
having won.
So I'm going to have this one family forum having one and then for main one for the body.
I'm just going to use the normal rubato and I'm going to copy and paste that and I'm gonna say it.
Now my hearing right now has obviously this one family and then the rest of my body which obviously
in my case is only a paragraph has this type of fund family which is rock bottom.
OK one last thing.
Let's check it out how we can import it now for importing.
We just need to click it out here and you know what.
Let's change it around let's head over back to our document and just comment so so that way we know
for sure that our import is actually going to work and we do it like this.
I'm going to comment this out.
I'm going to save it and noticed right now.
So not definitely having the same font right.
So again let me comment this and your knowledge that fonts are going to look like this but then once
I'm going to comment this out the font are gonna change.
So now I know that my fans are not included.
Okay let's just get out let's say that again we would need to copy and paste this line of code.
Let's copy and paste it.
Let's head over to the styles and write on the top here.
Maybe even above the comments although it's obviously unnecessary.
But let me just put it all the way at the top.
And now again my phones are working because I'm grabbing the exact phones that were used and this is
how you can get Amber up and running with Google fonts in your project.